Proper management of transactions, sales, and customer preferences are the key components of an online ordering system. Since TECHNOHOLICS is having difficulties in managing customer orders, sales, and creating business strategies, this project aims to provide an online ordering and sales management system with customer transaction behavioral analysis that helps TECHNOHOLICS in monitoring transactions and forecasting sales of the business to come up with better marketing strategies based on the customers’ purchase data. Customer Transaction behavioral analysis is the factor that can help retaining customers’ subscription based on the analysis of repeated purchase behavior. Using the Apriori algorithm, the system generated the frequent item set of each customer and from it, association rules were produced to provide suggestions or recommendations about what the customer might purchase. As the result, the system could predict what the customer might purchase on his/her next transaction based on the ordered, searched, viewed, and rated products. For data gathering, the quantitative methodology is used and the alpha and beta testing were used to evaluate the system based on functionality, usability, reliability, performance, and supportability/security. The system was tested according to the given specifications and got a weighted mean of 4.39 which implies high remarks from the respondents – IT professionals, TECHNOHOLICS employees, and possible online shoppers. This proves that the system was able to meet all the requirements and specifications that are needed such as the ordering system, sales management and forecasting, customer transaction behavioral analysis, data dashboard, report generation, and database backup.
